It contains the following items: 
它包含以下项目：
File:This menu contains items to open and merge capture files, save / print / export capture files in whole or in part, and to quit from Wireshark.
此菜单包含打开和合并捕获文件，保存/打印/导出全部或部分捕获文件，并退出Wireshark的项目。



Edit:This menu contains items to find a packet, time reference or mark one or more packets, handle configuration profiles, and set your preferences;
此菜单中包含的项目找到一个包，参考或标记一个或多个包，处理配置描述文件，并设置您的偏好;



View:This menu controls the display of the captured data, including colorization of packets, zooming the font, showing a packet in a separate window, expanding and collapsing trees in packet details
此菜单控制显示捕获的数据，包括数据包的着色，字体放大，显示在一个单独的窗口中的一个包，展开和折叠树包细节



Go:This menu contains items to go to a specific packet.
此菜单中包含的项目到一个特定的数据包。


Capture(捕获):This menu allows you to start and stop captures and to edit capture filters. 
此菜单允许您启动和停止捕获，编辑捕获过滤器。



Analyze(分析):This menu contains items to manipulate display filters, enable or disable the dissection of protocols, configure user specified decodes and follow a TCP stream
此菜单中包含的项目操作显示过滤器，启用或禁用协议的剥离，配置用户指定的解码器，并按照TCP流


Statistics(统计):This menu contains items to display various statistic windows, including a summary of the packets that have been captured, display protocol hierarchy statistics and much more. 
此菜单包含显示各种统计窗口，包括已捕获的数据包的摘要，协议层次统计显示，更多的项目。
summary:总结
		encapsulation：封装
		elapsed：过去
		protocol hierarchy statistic：协议层次统计
		internet protocol version：Internet协议版本
		transmission control protocol：传输控制协议
		hypertext control protocol：超文本控制协议
		line-based text data：基于行的文本数据
		protable network graphics：便携式网络图形
		malformed packet：恶意数据包
		jpeg file interchange format：JPEG文件交换格式
		mime multipart media encapsulation：媒体多部分MIME封装
		extensible markup language：可扩展标记语言
		endpoints:端点
		fibre channel：光纤通道


Telephony(电话):This menu contains items to display various telephony related statistic windows, including a media analysis, flow diagrams, display protocol hierarchy statistics and much more
此菜单中包含的项目，以显示各种电话相关的统计窗口，包括媒体分析，流程图，显示协议层次统计


Tools:This menu contains various tools available in Wireshark, such as creating Firewall ACL Rules.
此菜单中包含的各种工具，如创建防火墙的ACL规则，在Wireshark。



Internals:This menu contains items that show information about the internals of Wireshark
此菜单中包含的项目，显示Wireshark的内部信息

